Mom, our family already has that money
It's not enough to maintain our own lives
Last time my aunt said that grandma was sick and needed money in the hospital
I borrowed money.
But aren't we responsible for the medical expenses?
Now they want us to pay them back.
How can we have money?
Yes, sister-in-law
We get money for parents' sick pensions
There's no 600,000 here
How much do you want?
It's my aunt.
My mom didn't have many sets of jewelry
You borrow it every time.
Borrowed and not returned
Can't you leave him two sets?
You little bastard
Who said no?
This woman is too much
Forget about cheating money
And said my niece was a little bastard
Yeah, it's not a fuel-efficient lamp at first glance
Well, I'll give you this shit back tomorrow
It's like someone cares
My daughter is amazing
Really? You and I
Why did you hang up the bottle? What are you doing?
May I ask who sent me here?
A little girl
About your age.
I remember it was indeed a girl who saved me
That
How much is the medical bill?
Let me see.
987 That little girl has finished it for you.
Is it a name?
What happened today
Thank you. You're welcome.
Are you all right?
It's okay, I'll pass on the medical bills.
Someone saved Ye Nanheng
Also paid for medical expenses in advance
Ye Nanheng thought it was me